README.md, before:

# ioprio

Simple wrappers for linux ioprio syscalls.

## Installation

Install the gem and add to the application's Gemfile by executing:

```bash
bundle add ioprio
```

If bundler is not being used to manage dependencies, install the gem by executing:

```bash
gem install ioprio
```

## Usage

TODO: Write usage instructions here

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. Then, run `rake spec` to run the tests. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and the created tag, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/benmelz/ioprio.

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

Commit message:

feat: ioprio (#2)
add ioprio which constants and wrapper methods

README.md, after:

# ioprio

Simple wrappers for linux ioprio syscalls.

## Installation

Install the gem and add to the application's Gemfile by executing:

```bash
bundle add ioprio
```

If bundler is not being used to manage dependencies, install the gem by executing:

```bash
gem install ioprio
```

## Usage

The ioprio syscalls are only supported by linux systems and as such the following API methods will only be implemented when running on them.

All behavior is delegated directly to the syscalls themselves. Refer to the linux syscall man pages for usage instructions.

Wrapper methods and constants for which values are defined on the `Process` module:

```ruby
  Process::IOPRIO_WHO_PROCESS
  Process::IOPRIO_WHO_PGRP
  Process::IOPRIO_WHO_USER

  Process.getiopriority(which, who)
  Process.setiopriority(which, who, priority)
```

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. Then, run `rake spec` to run the tests. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and the created tag, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/benmelz/ioprio.

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).
